Project Brief: Wiki

Client: J. Random Didaskalos  

Business Objective: Wikipedia is a great source of information for the public, but for academics like us, it has a lot of information we wouldn’t consider accurate. We want to build a version of Wikipedia called "Wikiful" that we’ll share with our friends who work in academia so we can create a version of Wikipedia only for information that’s been well-researched and validated by an academic paper.  

Functionality Required: Everything Wikipedia does. Users must be able to create accounts, log in, find the content they’re looking for, and create new content. For this first version, we don’t have to worry about verification of edits or users.  

Budget: $10,000  

Project Deadline: One month from now for v1.0

So the key things we want are the ability to post articles, categorize them and provide a basic user login feature.

Create a set of user stories for the Wiki project. For each user story, use the connextra format (“As a Role I want Feature so that Benefit”).
Brainstorm some of the user stories that are missing from a more complete implementation and write them up in the same format (hint: edit, delete, view who edited, discuss edit, view edit history, ban user, etc.) Keep going until you have at least 5 extra stories.
Compare your user stories to the examples below (which we'll ultimately be developing)

As an Author
I want to be able to post an Article
So that I can add new knowledge to Wiki  

As an Author
I want to be able to categorize an Article
So it's easier for people to find

As a viewer
I want to be able to read an Article
So that I can learn from the Wiki

As a viewer
I want to be able to find an Article by Category
So I can find articles even if I don't know their exact title

As an Author
I want to be able to log in
So I can make it clear which articles I created
-----------------------------
As an author 
I want to be able to edit an Article
So that I can make articles more accurate

As an author 
I want to be able to delete an Article
So that I can make wiki content more relevant

As a viewer 
I want to be able to view who edited an article
So that I can determine if the editor is reliable

As a viewer 
I want to be able to view edit history 
So that I can see what changes have been made to an article

As an Administrator
I want to be able to ban a user
So that I can keep destructive users from changing articles